---
layout: post
title: "I'm tired..."
date: 2024-06-25
categories: jekyll update
---

{% include youtube.html id="" %}

If you’re tired, admit it to yourself. 

And reap the benefits. 

Sleeping isn’t the same thing as resting

You might think I’m joking if I told you I don’t believe I’ve rested in the truest sense since being a child. 

Just the other day, I admitted to myself I was tired for the first time in over a decade,

And immediately when the words “I’m tired” left my mouth, a feeling of pure, unadulterated relaxation washed over me. 

I thought I would need to lay down and sleep to feel rested. 

But, no. I’d gotten plenty of sleep in the past, but didn’t feel rested. 

This time, a light bulb went off in my head. I literally just uttered the words out loud, “I’m tired…”, and relaxation found me. 

The sensation of recovery started kicking in immediately. 

Being honest with myself, as always, was the key. 

While I was soaking in that awe inducing sensation of recovery, I started wondering, 

Why in the world would I not admit I was tired? 

Why was I feeling guilty or shameful about being tired? 

Where did that feeling come from? 

And just like that, this memory of running sprints in football came to me. 

Conditioning training in the Texas heat

Sprinting back and forth across the width of the football field coated in full football gear. 

I remember clearly reaching the sideline… 

Bending over on my knees…

Wheezing for breath…

“McGee! Get up off your knees! You ain’t tired! Don’t show weakness! Stand up straight and put your hands on your head!”

I remember being confused thinking to myself, “But, I AM tired? I’m trying my hardest, and I’m getting tired. Isn’t that a good thing? Why is he mad at me for that?”

But, at the time, I wouldn’t dare utter anything close to that out loud. 

Back then, a football coach might as well have been the right hand man of God. 

The guilt and shame associated with being tired was palpable. 

You’re tired? You lose your position. You’re tired? You might be off the team. 

To a kid, the idea of losing my position or getting kicked off the team was unbearable. 

A disgrace 

It sounds silly to me now, but back then, this was no joke. 

So, what did I do? I believed the lie that I wasn’t tired and paid the consequences of accepting delusion. 

And that lie made a home in my heart and played a major role in my life beyond football practice. 

For years, anytime I felt tired, the lie, “You’re not tired.” would repeat in my head, and push me to keep doing whatever I was doing. 

I share this story with you because I recognized recently that the thought of feeling guilty or ashamed for being tired is a slave mentality.

Fatigue is natural and a sign you’re putting in work. 

There’s nothing wrong with being tired. 

And of course, when you recognize you’re tired, you can be honest with yourself and recover. 

This isn’t to say you can’t keep going when you’re tired…

If you want, you can drive a car with a check-engine light on for a pretty lonnnnng time after the light initially turns on.

But, there will be consequences, of course… 

And sometimes you have no choice but to keep going, even when you’re tired. 

Key word being “sometimes” and not “all the time”

All this to say, I haven’t felt this consistently good in decades. 

And if you’re anything like I was, feeling guilty or ashamed for being tired, maybe this story will shine a light on that lie inside your heart and weed it out. 

Till next time, 

Canaan 
